All right welcome to the second part in this part we're going to be adding the CSSA to make this work
a lot better.
All right so we have our style C Ss created.
Let's start with the body.
OK we're just going to do a font family of Ariel.
The color of the text is going to be a really dark gray.
We're going to set the body margin to zero and the padding to zero.
OK so let's start with some core styles for the unordered list.
I want to just take off the margin and the padding.
OK let's do the links for the atax and then give them a color light blue which is going to be 0 0 9
a CD and we get a set text decoration to none.
We also want a hover color
or color will just be the dark gray and the next is going to be the container that's going to bring
everything to the middle we're going to set up a wealth of 960.
And be sure to set the margin to auto and we're going to set the overflow to auto Cyrene now for the
hotter.
Of the the background of light gray.
And let's set the padding of the header to 10 pixels and we'll set a border bottom of three pixels solid
and soon to be that same light blue color.
OK now for the each one.
So obviously Hetter each one.
And that's going to have a margin and padding of zero
in what else.
It's a color be that light blue.
And we want to float it to the left and then we also want that each one to be a link.
I don't think I made it a link.
No I didn't.
So I'm just going to wrap this in in a tag
in Exene or
we want the H-1 to be on the outside.
All right.
So I will say however each one a
and it's going to have a color of light blue.
And we also want the text decoration to be in.
All right.
Now another thing I want to do is I want to have kind of a slogan or a tag line because Word Press by
default has an option for that.
So I'm going to go right inside of the H-1 and I'm going to put this in a small tag you know just say
another word press.
The animal style that say hello or small
We're going to give it a color of dark gray and let's give it margin left.
Just give it out one pixel margin and I'm going to set the font size to 13.
OK so now for the right side of the header when I say Hetter H.
Right.
And we're just going to float that to the right now.
This is it has an input.
So we're going to style the input as well.
So H writes in it.
Let's make sure it's it's only for the text input so same type equals text and a set a width of two
fifty.
We're going to set up padding of five and a margin top of five and that should do it for the help.
Let's go ahead and save it and take a walk OK.
So that's our header.
Next is the navigation.
All right.
So it's a nav dot in the nav heights.
Actually you know what I don't want to do that I want.
See I want to have the main nav div have the have stuff like the height the background color customisations
like that.
But I do want to have just a regular nav class to do the floats you know so our footer menu can can
have our list item floated floats and stuff like that.
All right so I'm not going to put anything for that yet.
I do want to do the eyes of the NAV and let me just make sure we actually have that OK.
We have NAV class and main nav so for this we're going to float these list items to the left and we
want to display in line instead of padding on the right of 15 pixels that will say nav dot nav and just
wanted to make sure the text declaration is set to None.
All right so now let's do the main now.
OK so we're going to say height 45 overflow is going to be hidden.
We're going to do a background
of dark gray color of the text is going to be white.
And let's say padding top will be 7 pixels.
All right so now we want to do the main nav allies.
OK.
So again the same height for pixels and then line height also 40 pixels.
I will do the A had
colored needs to the white text decoration one in all said padding to 8 pixels.
All right so now we need the hover state.
So now I've got main nav hover
in the hover colors going to be that light blue.
All right.
So let's save that.
And there's our navigation.
OK.
Now this whole area here is going to have it has a class of content.
I just want to push it down a little bit.
And I also want to set the line height of all the text so saved or content
with said margin top so that 30 pixels line height will be 1.5 am
I right.
No I don't think I didn't include a sidebar did I.
Yeah I didn't do the sidebar so we need to do that.
Let's go back into the index each team now.
And this this class this div right here is going to be the main area.
So we want to go right underneath that ending div
and we want to just put where we want our Sidebar.
So this will be div class and let's give this a class of side.
All right.
And we're also going to have a div inside of that called block.
Each element in the sidebar should have a class of block right.
And then we'll just put in age three and a side bar head and then we'll just put a paragraph going to
grab some text.
Right.
And then under that we'll have a button or a link that is formatted like a butler
.
OK.
So now our Sidebar is down here so we want to do is we want to say Dot main We're going to float that
to the left
and we're going to give it a width of 65 percent.
All right.
And then the side is going to have a width of 30 percent and that's going to float to the right.
OK.
Now for the block style We're going to set the border of light gray.
Let's say one pixel solid.
We want some padding.
Five 15 25 15.
They will set the background to really light gray
and set overflow to you.
And now for each three in the block
said border bottom and that's going to be like gray solid one pixel.
I want to set up padding on the bottom of 10 pixel.
Let's take a look.
OK so now we have our main area here in the sidebar.
Now let's do the article.
So say it's actually an article tagged with a class of post.
I'm going to add a border bottom to those
and let's do a margin bottom
and also padding bottom.
OK we also want to style this method area right here.
I want to give it a blue background so I'll say Article Dart's post dot net
.
Will give it a padding of seven pixels.
And also the bottom class
I just copy this.
OK except we want to change the padding to 10 15.
All right.
Let's also display it as an inline block.
All right so if we take a walk you know it's pretty good.
Last thing is the footer.
So down here we're going to stay further.
And we gave the class I think it was mean for her.
We'll just check know.
All right so here we want to set a margin on the top.
I want to align everything to the center
and give it a dark gray background color needs to be white.
We'll give it a height of 60 pixels
padding top 10 pixels and overflow will be Arto.
All right.
Now we have the left and right side of the footer.
So it's a floater dart
half left.
That's just going to have a left float.
And then we have the right side
which will have a right flow
.
All right.
So now we have the menu
.
So we'll do a UL I want that to display in line
and then we'll have the line.
OK ally we're going to say float left
and right will be 10 pixels and let's make sure we set a set list style to none all right and then lastly
we have the links which will be white.
All right.
Let's take a look here.
We just want to push this down a little bit
.
OK that didn't work.
Let's do it on f. right actual margin.
It's hard to get a
little more.
All right.
There we go.
So that looks pretty good.
It's very it's very simple design.
I didn't want to go all out because the main point of this is to get you familiar with the syntax to
create a word press theme.
Not so much creating a great design.
Ok so now that we're done with the HDMI on CSX we can move on.
And the next video will start to create our WordPress theme